# Notes 24/01/2022

## Code Style

- check for numpy existing functions, will be a tiny bit faster and neater: `np.full` or `np.empty` 
- put comments inside the function at the top, I think this might help docstrings better and is common practice 
- `get_row` `input_grid` etc methods aren't that necessary in python. Some of them are useful but if you're not manipulating the data at all and are just returning or modifying a property then just do it directly. Alternatively use `@property`. I'll look for examples of this
- `get_lines` definitely needs some formatting. Guidance tends to be that lines should be < 70, 92 or 120 characters long
- Small thing to note but I do think it's mostly fine here: using random numbers in tests is discouraged because a bug is hard to track and replicate
- Look at `TestGrid` `pool`. Clearly the values in the grid can only have 3 values and you've kind of implemented what I would suggest anyway: an enum. Enums are like an extension on a Boolean in a way. Instead of being one of two things, an enum will take the value of one of $N$ things which will usually be 3 or 4 things say. If we used an enum, here whenever we assign a square on the board to be empty, p1 or p2 we can be sure that it won't cause a fuss anywhere else as long as the rest of the code is written to exect an enum of the same type.
- Using Enums is way safer and self-documeting than using characters because, without context, it's hard to know if a variable can be any character, which also means you have to put more checks in the code elsewhere.
- Watch out for side effects like in `make_move`. What you've done isn't necessarily wrong but the method isn't just making a move but is also switching the player. This is where I'd say that grid might be handling too much for a single class. Let board make changes to the board and let other parts of the code instruct it which player is inputting things etc. Also you're already passing a player argument to the method which means `current_player` isn't necessarily the player whose piece is being added.

## Code Structure

- what happens if we want to have another AI that works in another way?
- what if we want two human players?
- One option would be to create another child of the grid class. This would be the inheritance method
- The other (and imo neater) method would be to use composition instead.
- Separate The game logic from the players
- The only way the players and the game interact is by telling the board to put pieces in places and if it's an AI it can check if a certain action is allowed / will win the game etc.
- In other words, the player sees the game state, just the board and they make the decision from there 

## Algorithms

- Nice idea with the tree search to find the best move
- Look into the **Minmax** algorithm
- Later on we can try and implement an even better algorithm called **Monte Carlo Tree Search** 
- `apply_lines_to_lines_dict` has a lot of raw integers floating around, what if we wanted to change the grid size? Could abstracting it help with the readability?
- I feel like I half get what's going on, seems like a neat idea

